you who accompany my blog my site
my smartphone and you should know
who ever the public the news
referring to some microsoft store
store that was inaugurated in some
brazil region
recently in the last few years
days was girlfriend here in savior three
microsoft store stores for those who do not know
these stores the old nokia stores as
Physical stores are being renovated
remodeled with microsoft store face
to increase the product portfolio of
microsoft and I already did on the first purchase
there just to inaugurate made a purchase a
Besteirinha because it was here that a lot of
people are waiting for this is what
The lights do not come with a
heard the least they could
make these dreams available here
in the physical stores in the online stores
unfortunately not yet available
that I'll show you here to do
a box a little boxing that went there
Do you know who you are looking for?
by a handset to your device with
windows phone
And then everyone's beauty, then this self.
I went there whc 208 for those who do not know this
It was only here that they just changed the packaging
because we have it written here
No, no, no, no, just phone it now.
with microsoft packaging inclusive
open in the store and the accessory comes with
instruction manual with the logo of the
No, no, so we're opening up here for people.
the verified that comes inside the box and
already speaks in other videos here about this
it was right
but it is worth remembering there right I think
it's very old
good people then this is the one gone and left
open here strip it comes packed here
everything cute and if I can recommend
which is the good quality handset and a
Drawing phone since my name is lumia
710 was my first fire the person
so you can note that it comes
with these balls here, so it 's a type
was between regular also known
com year
I think that's how you pronounce it.
these types of headphones are those in which
usually comes the fault with the little ones
where are these silicone for
fit to your ear
good is in the three stores that went here in
savior is in white color this
phone it's costing 59 reais is the
same price and two years ago in the same
value
I came here with you a margin of
instructions that here do not know what to
will serve a new instruction for handset
by ear, right?
that's how I said it comes along
Nokia is still packing here, right?
because the stores are now with the
microsoft facade no more from nokia
so basically these stores that
inaugurated here in Salvador but
are watching this video was on
Saturday the mall iguamemi that now
shopping the bay north and shopping
It is also aggravating to have a
microsoft kiosk at beautiful shopping
personal view
I follow my blog and I left there
I'm publishing all these stores that
are being re-inaugurated
including there and already has several publications
several stores have already been opened
it's a great quality funnel
I've even had my black since
1925 has used more than two years
this phone then you already have a
idea this is a nex adapter
I do not know what it's for but I've already been there.
last and once to use a
are not adapted impute to light a
A little more , let me show you.
also the new bag, right?
now of the physical stores is basically
that in the black color there is also on the street
blue is lilac you choose there in the
strong store trying to find the
microsoft
good staff then this was the
iphone demo and wh 208 and that's it
who liked the favorite online video and
until the next